Hahahaha
I, Hu, have been in Nancheng for decades
I have never encountered such arrogance as you
How many lives do you have?
Well, let's just wait and see.
And only I can treat this disease
Tomorrow I will let your son
Kneel in front of me and beg me to see you?
Killing him is still rampant
kid
I'll let you know how miserable your death was
Hahahahaha
You'd better take care of yourself first
Mrs. Wu, we are here to propose today
Do you accept or not?
What about Mr. Hu? If I can discuss it again
Then I'll give you another day.
Tomorrow is still the engagement party in this room
If you still don't agree
I will destroy you priceless
And you, I'll let you live one more day
Go Wu Ziyao
Wait for me to marry you
You wait for me.
Wu Ziyao, are you sick?
Master Wu took a fancy to it
What qualifications do you have to refuse others?
Where am I, you have your say